---
creation date: 2024-03-06
tags:
  - 日记
  - flashcards/EnglishLearning
modification date: 
type: Daily
---

# ☀今日目标☀
^English
> [!todo] 英语学习
> - [x]  Task 1-**Vocabulary**
> >[!tip]- 
> >	1. Think about how you feel in the morning，choose a word to describe it
> >	2. Search a synonym to it and write it down then repeat it 3 times
> - [x]  Task 2-**Expressions**
> >[!tip]-
> >	1. Pick a expression to describe your favorite food that you had during the day
> >	2. Searching its English expression
> >	3. Write it down then say it 3 times
> - [x] Task 3-**Fluency part 1**
> > [!tip]-
> >	1. Write one sentence about something that happened to you at lunch time
> >	2. Use “the 5 Ws”  to make your sentence
> - [x] Task 4-**Thought Organization**
> > [!tip]-
> >	1. Write 3 details some one you speak or met. Thing about their clothing, personality and job
> - [x] Task 5-**Fluency part 2**
> > [!tip]-
> >	1. Write one sentence to describe what kind of day you have


>[!Abstract] 知识整理 (Daily Organization)
>>1. 整理当日课程的笔记 
>> 2. 如果另有时间，整理，总结一些已记录的 fleeting note

---
# 今日记录
## 上午
(englishvocabulary::) 
Morning Vocabulary: **a little bit tired**--->Synonym: **weary**: 有轻微的疲劳感
<!--SR:!2024-04-25,37,290-->

## 下午
> (englishfluency 1::) Fluency part 1:
> I enjoyed my solitary at home lunch around 12 pm today because I didn't go to campus in the morning. I made fryed dumplings for myself and its tasty.

> Thought organization:
> I saw a girl when I went to see ~~the~~ Professor Taylor to review my second assignment for CS 146. She is my classmate in CS 146. When I saw her in front of the teacher's office, she was waitting for the review as well. She has ~~a~~ black hair with ponytair and wore black jeans and coat today, which is pretty cool.

她黑发梳成单马尾--->she *has black hair* with *ponytair*(描述头发颜色时通常不使用不定冠词)
<!--SR:!2024-05-04,37,250-->
穿着黑夹克和牛仔裤---> *wear black* jeans and a coat(wear 后不需要加a)
<!--SR:!2024-05-27,41,230-->
## 晚上
> Expression
> Today I made curry for dinner. I love it because its quite a eazy recipes as well as yummy. I made it with chiken, potato and carrots and it tast delicious. I love the rich flavor and texture, which is the best combination with *tortilla*.

做 math161a 的作业，期间鼓捣了半天如何用 latex 画图 [[LaTex编辑器的使用学习#PMF 图表的画法]]

---
# Cumulation (日积月累)
**浓郁的口感**---> *rich flavor (texture)*
<!--SR:!2024-06-19,56,226-->
**懒人料理**---> *easy recipe*
<!--SR:!2024-05-01,34,266-->
**忙碌而充实的一天**--->*busy yet fulfilling day* ，*hectic but rewarding day*
<!--SR:!2024-06-12,49,226-->

---
# Checklist
- [x] *Englishi Learning Goals* [[#^English]]
- [x] *Daily Summary&organization*