#英语/English_Learning_Diary 
# 听力和阅读练习
[听力练习网站](https://tstprep.com/topic/tlpp-sample-cpr/)
## 话题 “Anatomy（解剖） and Physiology（生理学）”
### Human Movement
Human movement includes not only actions at the joints of the body but also the **motion** *（运动）* of individual organs and even individual cells. As you read these words, red and white blood cells are moving throughout your body, muscle cells are **contracting and relaxing** *(收缩和放松)* to maintain your posture and to focus your vision, and **glands** *（腺体）* are **secreting chemicals** *（分泌化学物质）* to **regulate body functions** *（调节身体功能）*. Your body is coordinating the action of entire muscle groups to enable you to move air into and out of your lungs, to push blood throughout your body, and to propel the food you have eaten through your digestive tract. Consciously, of course, you contract your **skeletal muscles** *（骨骼肌）* to move the bones of your **skeleton** *（骨架）* to get from one place to another and to carry out all of the activities of your daily life.
### Human Anatomy
Human anatomy is the scientific study of the body’s structures. Some of these structures are very small and can only be observed and analyzed with the assistance of a microscope. Other larger structures can **readily** *（轻而易举地，便利地）* be seen, manipulated, measured, and weighed. The word “anatomy” comes from a Greek root that means “to cut apart”. Human anatomy was first studied by observing the exterior of the body and observing the wounds of soldiers and other injuries. Later, physicians were allowed to **dissect** *（解剖）* bodies of the dead to augment their knowledge. When a body is dissected, its structures are cut apart in order to observe their **physical attributes** *（物理特征）* and their relationships to one another. Dissection is still used in medical schools, anatomy courses, and in **pathology** *（病理学）* labs.
### The Internal Compartments of the Human Body
A human body consists of **trillions** *（万亿）* of cells organized in a way that maintains distinct internal compartments. These compartments keep body cells separated from external environmental threats and keep the cells **moist** *（潮湿的）* and **nourished** *（有营养的）*. They also separate internal body **fluids** *（液体）* from the countless microorganisms that grow on body surfaces, including the lining of certain tracts, or passageways. The intestinal tract, for example, is home to even more bacteria cells than the total of all human cells in the body, yet these bacteria are outside the body and cannot be allowed to circulate freely inside the body.

Cells, for example, have a cell membrane (also referred to as the plasma membrane) that keeps the **intracellular** *（细胞内的）* environment — the fluids and organelles — separate from the **extracellular** *（细胞外的）* environment. **Blood vessels** *（血管）* keep blood inside a closed circulatory system, and nerves and muscles are wrapped in connective tissue sheaths that separate them from surrounding structures. In the chest and **abdomen** *（腹部）*, a variety of internal membranes keep major organs such as the lungs, heart, and kidneys separate from others.
### CPR
The position of the heart in the chest allows for individuals to apply an emergency technique known as cardiopulmonary resuscitation, commonly referred to as CPR if the heart of a patient should stop. By applying pressure with the **flat portion** *（平坦部）* of one hand on the **sternum** *（胸骨）*, it is possible to manually compress the blood within the heart enough to push some of the blood within it into the major **arteries** *（动脉）*. This is particularly critical for the brain, as irreversible damage and death of neurons occur within minutes of loss of blood flow.

Current standards call for compression of the chest at least 5 centimeters deep and at a rate of 100 compressions per minute. At this stage, the emphasis is on performing high-quality chest compressions, rather than providing artificial respiration. CPR is generally performed until the patient regains heart activity or is declared dead by an experienced healthcare professional.

When performed by untrained individuals, CPR can result in broken ribs and can **inflict** *（使遭受打击）* additional severe damage on the patient. It is also possible if the hands are placed too low, to manually drive the **xiphoid** *（剑状软骨）* process into the liver, a consequence that may prove fatal for the patient. Proper training is essential. This proven life-sustaining technique is so valuable that virtually all medical personnel, as well as concerned members of the public, should be certified and routinely recertified in its application.
### The Invention of the X-Ray
German physicist Wilhelm Röntgen (1845–1923) was experimenting with electrical current when he discovered that a mysterious and invisible “ray” would pass through his **flesh** *（肉）* but leave an outline of his bones on a screen coated with a metal **compound** *（复合物）*. In 1895, Röntgen made the first durable record of the internal parts of a living human: an “X-ray” image (as it came to be called) of his wife’s hand. Scientists around the world quickly began their own experiments with X-rays, and by 1900, X-rays were widely used to detect a variety of injuries and diseases. In 1901, Röntgen was awarded the first Nobel Prize for physics for his work in this field.

The X-ray is a form of high energy electromagnetic radiation with a short wavelength capable of **penetrating solids** *（穿透固体）* and **ionizing gases** *(电离气体)*. As they are used in medicine, X-rays are emitted from an X-ray machine and directed toward a specially treated metallic plate placed behind the patient’s body. The beam of radiation results in darkening of the X-ray plate. X-rays are slightly **impeded** *（阻碍）* by soft tissues, which show up as gray on the X-ray plate, whereas hard tissues, such as bone, largely block the rays, producing a light-toned “shadow”. Thus, X-rays are best used to visualize hard body structures such as teeth and bones. Like many forms of high energy radiation, however, X-rays are capable of damaging cells and initiating changes that can lead to cancer. This danger of excessive exposure to X-rays was not fully **appreciated** *（意识到，领会）* for many years after their widespread use.

[阅读练习网站](https://tstprep.com/topic/toefl-reading-practice-questions-sample-factual-information-questions/)
## 阅读2.The Nature Astronomy(天文学) C
Astronomy is defined as the study of the objects that lie beyond our planet Earth and the processes by which these objects interact with one another. We will see, though, that it is much more. It is also humanity’s attempt to organize what we learn into a clear history of the universe, from the instant of its birth in the Big Bang to the present moment.

**In considering the history of the universe** *(在考虑宇宙的历史时)*, we will see again and again that the cosmos evolves; it changes in **profound** *（意义深远的）* ways over long periods of time. For example, the universe made the carbon, the **calcium** *（钙）*, and the oxygen necessary to construct something as interesting and complicated as you. Today, many billions of years later, the universe has evolved into a more **hospitable** *（宜人的）* place for life. Tracing the evolutionary processes that continue to shape the universe is one of the most important (and satisfying) parts of modern astronomy.

## 阅读3.Cold War Terminology(术语，专门用语) 
Cold War terminology was developed during the Cold War era (1945–1980). Familiar and still used by many, it involves classifying countries into first world, second world, and third world nations based on respective economic development and standards of living. When this **nomenclature** *（命名法）* was developed, **capitalistic** *（资本主义的）* **democracies** *（民主政体）* such as the U.S. and Japan were considered part of the first world. The poorest, most undeveloped countries were referred to as the third world and included most of sub- Saharan Africa, Latin America, and Asia. The second world was the in-between category: nations not as limited in development as the third world, but not as well off as the first world, having moderate economies and standard of living, such as China or Cuba. Later, sociologist Manual Castells added the term fourth world to refer to **stigmatized minority groups** *（被污名化的少数群体）* that were denied a political voice all over the globe (**indigenous** *(当地的，本土的)* minority populations, prisoners, and the homeless, for example).