#英语/TOEFL #英语/TOEFL-Writing
In ~~From~~ the lecture , the professor stated his opinion of opposing deforestation and gave his reasons why negative influences are much more than the benefits mentioned in the passage.

Firstly , most of those forest which have been cutted down were rainforests , which are unique and essential ecosystem of the world enviroment . With the 60 percent of forests have been removed in Brazill land , people certainly get much space of farmland and provided enough food according to the passage . However , the crucial fact is  such act people have done never considers the long-term consequences at all ,the professor said . Also he stated people actually don't need such vast space for farming .  He mentioned there are many advanced thecnologies which can grow corps without any soil .In his opion , the development of thecnology should play a role to improve the way of tranditional argriculture.

Secondly , Disagreeing with the benefit of economy which stated in the passage , the professor think people should more concern about the impact to global enviroment of deforestation . According to him , 20 percent of oxyen are provided by the forests and the fact is decresing of trees  already crashed the enviroment in the world and give unrecoverable devastation to ecological diversity . He argued that the consciousness of human to protect enviroment are paramount rather than only focus on the economy and money.

Finally , He pointed out those countries largely relied to forestry industry are developing countries where many labors do dangerous works on it but usually do not get paied equitablely . There only small number of business organizer who organized the project get the mainly profits. Therefore the professor said it's a big issue , which means workers are not well paid from those forestry industries like the passage says.

All the all of the lecture showes the professor don't think it's a sustainable and beneficial act of deforestation.He think people shuold concentrated the long-term development , concerned about the enviroment and the real welfare of labors. 

---
The reading and the lecture are both about deforestation, which means cutting down trees to get more spaces for human activities. While the author says there are many benefits through deforestation, the professor in the lecture hold a negative attitute with it.

Firstly, the author mentions that deforestation provide abundance of farmland where people can raise more crops to satisfy the demand of booming human population. However, this statement is challenged by the lecturer. The professor claims that most of those forest which have been cutted down were rainforests, which are unique and essential ecosystem of the world enviroment. Also, there are many advanced thecnologies which can grow corps without any soil from the professor. Therefore, he think its needness to cut down vast numbers of trees.

Secondly, the suthor states the importance of deforestation which create more residential area helping pepole living, working and thriving. The lecture, on the other hand, points out that people should more concern about the impact to global enviroment of deforestation. According to the professor, 20 percent of oxyen are provided by the forests and deforestation already crashed the enviroment and give unrecoverable devastation to ecological diversity. He argued that the consciousness of human to protect enviroment are paramount rather than only focus on the economy.

Finally, the author contends that there are many job opportunities around forestry industry in many countries. In contrast, the professor claims many laborers do dangerous works on it but usually do not get paied equitablely. In fact, there only small number of business organizer who organized the project get the mainly profits.

Overall, the author and lecture hold very different views opon deforestation.

---

The passage talks about the Torreya taxifolia, a type of evergreen tree once very common in the state of Florida and it begins to go extinct. The author gives three options of prevent that and the professor, in the lecture, disapproves those suggestions.

In the first option, the author suggests reestablishing torreya in the same location where it's thrived for many years. Those places, have a specific microclimate with wetter and cooler climate condition. However, this option is challenged by the lecturer. She says that due to the climate change and global warming, the regional enviroment in Florida has changed. It's drier and warmer compared the former climate condition. Therefore, the professor thinks it's not a successful solution.

Secondly, the author says it could be better if people move Torreya to another area entirely different from Florida. The lecturer disagrees with his proposal and she states it could bring a unpredicted consequence because of biological invasion. The profeesor gives an example of Black Locas Tree, which spreded quickly when it has been moved to another location and destroyed the local ecosystem.

Finally, the author implys that scientists can preserve Torreya in research centers. It's not only could protect the species but also help research on Torreya, according to the passage. The professor, on the other hand, argues that this option is adverse to the long-term development. The professor claims that wild plants need to face multiple challenge in a large diverse enviroment. However, the research centers can not fulfil those diversity so it's hard for Torreya to survive through many challenges such as to resists desease once if there out from research center.

---
