---
tags:
  - 英语/语法
---

倒装是用来强调的
# 倒装基础形式（6大）
## 1.否定副词位于句首
little,never,seldom,rarely,hardly,scaresly,no sooner,no longer,no where
- Never shall I forgive her.(I shall never forgive her.)
- Seldom does he go out for dinner.(He seldom goes out for dinner.)
- No sooner had we reached the airport than the plane took off.(We had no sooner reached the airport than the plane took off.)
## “only”在句首的时候
表示只有…才…
- Only then did he realize that he was wrong.
- Only in this way are you able to do it well.
- Only when …,倒装

## So+形容词副词在句首
### so和such的区别
so + adv/adj.
such + noun
- So cold was the weather that we had to stay at home.
- So fast does the light travel,that we can't image.

## 用so和neither/nor表达“我也是”的时候
- He went to the hospital last week, and so did I.
- She is young,and so am I.

## Not only,but also结构
**只用部分倒装(not only后面倒装，but also后不倒装)**

- Not only is he a teacher,but he is also a poet.
- Not only did he speak more correctly but he spoke more easily.
- Not only did they present a musical performance but they also gave a brief introduction to the history of western brass instruments.
## 虚拟语气中的倒装
- If you had come yesterday,you would have seen him. (Had you come yesterday,you would have seen him.)
- If you should require an,give me a ring.(Should you require anything,give me a ring.)
- If it were not for your help,I 
## As引导让步状语从句
表示“尽管…但是”
- Tired as I was, I tried to help them.
- Search as they would,they would find nobody in the house.
- Explain as I would,
- Hard as they tried,they coould not change her mind.