#PS草稿 
"Everyone is interested in participating in the competition. However, if we let minor difficulties deter us, all our hard work in the past two weeks will go to waste. I should not be angry with yours and refuse to communicate with yours. Now there is only one week left, but I don't care what we can achieve in the end. The final outcome is not as significant as the lessons we learn from working together as a team. I believe this is what the competition wants us to learn from group cooperation." 。 I encouraged my group to keep our spirits up as we worked on designing a regulated power supply in an electronic design competition during my first college semester.The initial division of tasks went well, but some of my teammates eventually lost interest due to the difficulties in the design process. Despite my efforts to motivate them, I could not change their minds. I decided to take on the task myself and ignored my team. However, I soon found out that I could not complete the entire project alone, and my initial task was stuck due to the challenges in design. As the deadline approached, I realized the value of teamwork and communication, which are key aspects of the college's group project requirements. Together, we regained our motivation, discussed, and solved our issues to make progress. Although we didn't finish the project at the end, I gained practical experience in professional knowledge and understood the importance of collaboration and communication in my life.

In 2020, within less than a year of starting my job,I faced a new business project at work that required me to create a mobile measurement platform for a car. Despite the team having no time to divide the work, I proposed to take on the task myself. The six months that followed were some of the most challenging and rewarding times of my life. Even though I encountered numerous obstacles and setbacks, I persevered and completed the project to the satisfaction of both the company and the customer. This experience allowed me to develop and gain recognition in my job, and it reinforced my belief that I have the ability to overcome challenges and accomplish my goals.

I always desired to study in the United States, a country that is innovative and dynamic. However, pursuing a CS major, which is different from my undergraduate major in EE, presents a challenge. I graduated and worked for some time, so I am unfamiliar with some theoretical knowledge, such as mathematics and algorithms. However, I am confident that I can face these challenges. During work breaks and weekends, I plan to take some computer courses, such as attending online courses in famous American colleges or learning from books. This is my interest and hobby, so I won't find it dull or difficult to learn.

In addition, I have never studied or lived in an environment where English is not the mother tongue, which presents another challenge. Despite this, I am open to foreign cultures. To integrate into the American university environment and culture more quickly and effectively, I aim to improve my English skills and plan to pass the TOEFL exam. I also expose myself to American music, movies, radio podcasts, and other related materials. This has not been much of a problem for me because I enjoy foreign music and movies and take pleasure in learning more about different cultures.