---
tags:
  - 英语/表达
  - "#英语/打招呼"
  - "#英语/生活英语表达"
---

我突然想到…
- it just hit me that…
- it occurred to me that…
- it just came to me that…
# 日常打招呼

# 和别人讨论，谈话
## 提问和追问（Asking for information and clarification）

- **Excuse me**，please... **what do you mean by that** ?
- **I'm not quite sure** what you mean by...
- **I understand your point** but could you **explain that a bit more** please ?
- Could you **elaborate on that** or give a example ?
- To make sure I understand，you‘re saying... ?
- So what you mean is... ?
## 关联双方的idea（Connecting your idea to others）

- **My idea is similar to**... **I also think that**...
- **I agree/disagree with** what ... said...
- **I'd like to go back to** what... said before...
- **As ... already pointed out**, ...
## 支持自己的观点（Supporting your opinion）

- **From what I've seen**，...
- **Let me give you an example** of what I mean ...
- **In my experience**, that is true / is not true...
- **It seems to me that if** ... **then** ...
## 解释，重申自己的观点（Rephrasing your ideas/Making Corrections）

- Well, actually **what I meant was** ...
- **That's not exactly what I meant** ... **I meant to say that** ...
- **Let me explain that again** ...
- **Let me use a example to show** you what **I meant to say** ...
- Actually, **I meant to say/show/explain that** ...
## 请求对方重复（ask for repetition）

- I'm sorry/excuse me/pardon me, **I didn't quite catch that**. Could you **repeat that please**?
- Excuse me , **I didn't catch what you said when you were talking about**. Could you **repeat that part please**?
- **Pardon me, could you say that again**?
- Excuse me... **could you run that by me again** ? Thank you.
- **Would you mind repeating** that please? I didn't quite catch that.
## 让讨论重回正轨（Keeping the discussion on track or focused）

- I'm sorry but I think **we're getting off topic**...
- **Could we go back to**...
- **We might be getting off track here**. Let's **get back to the point of** ...
- Let's **get back on track**
- **That's a good point**, but **for now let's stay with**...
## 邀请他人讨论（Inviting others to participate）

- **What does everyone else think**?
- ... What do you think?
- ... **Can you add something here** ?
- **We haven't heard from ... yet**.
- Let's **hear from others** in the group.
## 检查，确认理解（Checking Understanding）

- **Before I go on**, **are there any questions**?
- **Before I move on to the next** point/topic/reason, **dose anyone need clarification**?
- Are there any questions before I go on?
- **Would anyone like me to repeat** that/ **go over** that again?
## 感谢他人的提问(Showing appreciation for/ paraphrasing questions)

- **Thank you for pointing that out**...
- That's very good question. **I'm glad you asked**...
- **I appreciate your question**...
- **If I understand**, **you'd like to know whether** ... Is that correct?
- So, **you are wondering** if/whether/how/when/why ...
## 

# 其他常见表达
- scoot over：稍微挪个地（用来让别人挪个座位，从而方便你坐进去）
- a wet spot on …：哪里湿了一块